extra.omnios ooce/application/mattermost
extra.omnios ooce/application/php-72
extra.omnios ooce/application/php-73
extra.omnios ooce/application/php-common
extra.omnios ooce/application/texlive
extra.omnios ooce/audio/flac
extra.omnios ooce/database/bdb
extra.omnios ooce/database/postgresql-10
extra.omnios ooce/database/postgresql-96
extra.omnios ooce/database/postgresql-common
extra.omnios ooce/developer/build/ant
extra.omnios ooce/developer/ccache
extra.omnios ooce/developer/cmake
extra.omnios ooce/developer/cunit
extra.omnios ooce/developer/go-110
extra.omnios ooce/developer/go-111
extra.omnios ooce/developer/go-19
extra.omnios ooce/developer/omni
extra.omnios ooce/developer/pkgmgr
extra.omnios ooce/developer/rust
extra.omnios ooce/editor/joe
extra.omnios ooce/kvmadm
extra.omnios ooce/library/freetype2
extra.omnios ooce/library/libev
extra.omnios ooce/library/libexif
extra.omnios ooce/library/libid3tag
extra.omnios ooce/library/libidl
extra.omnios ooce/library/libjpeg-turbo
extra.omnios ooce/library/libogg
extra.omnios ooce/library/libpciaccess
extra.omnios ooce/library/libpng
extra.omnios ooce/library/libvncserver
extra.omnios ooce/library/libvorbis
extra.omnios ooce/lxadm
extra.omnios ooce/multimedia/exif
extra.omnios ooce/multimedia/ffmpeg
extra.omnios ooce/multimedia/minidlna
extra.omnios ooce/network/irssi
extra.omnios ooce/network/nsd
extra.omnios ooce/network/smtp/postfix
extra.omnios ooce/network/socat
extra.omnios ooce/network/unbound
extra.omnios ooce/network/znc
extra.omnios ooce/omnios-build-tools
extra.omnios ooce/ooceapps
extra.omnios ooce/runtime/node-811
extra.omnios ooce/security/gnupg
extra.omnios ooce/server/nginx-112
extra.omnios ooce/server/nginx-114
extra.omnios ooce/server/nginx-common
extra.omnios ooce/system/mbuffer
extra.omnios ooce/system/smartmontools
extra.omnios ooce/system/sysstat
extra.omnios ooce/system/test/iozone
extra.omnios ooce/text/asciidoc
extra.omnios ooce/text/docbook-xsl
extra.omnios ooce/text/ripgrep
extra.omnios ooce/virtualization/virtualbox
